docs: Add NFS, Redis, and VPC peering feature description (#918)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/00-30-vpc-peering.md

## Cloud Providers

When you configure VPC peering in Kyma, you depend on the cloud provider of your Kyma cluster. The cloud provider in use determines the exact implementation.

The Cloud Manager module supports the VPC Peering feature of three cloud providers:

* Amazon Web Services` [VPC peering](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/what-is-vpc-peering.html)
* Google Cloud's [VPC Network Peering](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/vpc-peering)
* Microsoft Azure's [Virtual network peering](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-network-peering-overview)

You can configure Cloud Manager's VPC peering using a dedicated custom resource corresponding with the cloud provider for your Kyma cluster, namely AwsVpcPeering CR, GcpVpcPeering CR, or AzureVpcPeering CR.

## Prerequisites

Before you initiate VPC peering from a Kyma cluster, you must perform the following actions:

> * Authorize Cloud Manager in the remote cloud provider landscape. For more information, see the relevant documents for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Authorize Cloud Manager in the remote cloud provider landscape. For more information, see the relevant documents for the following cloud providers:
```

> * Set appropriate authorization and assign permissions to Cloud Manager in the remote cloud provider network. For more information, see the relevant documents for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Authorize Cloud Manager in the remote cloud provider landscape. For more information, see the relevant documents for:
```

  * Amazon Web Services: See [Authorization](./resources/04-30-10-aws-vpc-peering.md#authorization).
  * Google Cloud: See [Required Permissions in the Remote Project](./resources/04-30-20-gcp-vpc-peering.md#required-permissions-in-the-remote-project).
  * Microsoft Azure: See [Authorization](./resources/04-30-30-azure-vpc-peering.md#authorization).

> * Tag the remote network with the Kyma shoot name. For more information, see the relevant tutorials for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tag the remote network with the Kyma shoot name. For more information, see the following tutorials:
```
